README.md, before:

# Kubeflow ROCKs

Collection of ROCKs for Kubeflow components.

# Development notes
- Rockcraft tutorial:
  https://canonical-rockcraft.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/latest/tutorials.html
- Example:
  https://github.com/jnsgruk/seldon-core-operator-rock
- Use `stage-packages` to install required packages for application to run.
- Use `build-environment` to setup environment variables for build stage.
- Use `build-packages` and `build-snaps` for build stage. Those will not be used by application. As a result, if build and application require the same package, it needs to be in both `build-packages` and `stage-packages`
- If issues with LXD/Docker arise review firewall setup:
  https://linuxcontainers.org/lxd/docs/master/howto/network_bridge_firewalld/
- While building ROCKs these commands are very helpful:
  ```
  rockcraft clean
  lxc --project rockcraft image list
  ```
- Entry point in ROCK is Pebble. At this point there is no way to specify other entry point. To start container, a Pebble layer is added via adding `001-deafault.yaml` file to `/var/lib/pebble/default/layers/`. Refer to source code for more details.

# Building ROCKs

To build ROCK images for Kubeflow components:
```
cd <image-directory>
rockcraft pack
```

# Testing

Commit message:

docs: replace ROCKs with rocks
This commit replaces ROCKs with rocks to be in sync
with Canonical's standard terminology.

Part of canonical/bundle-kubeflow#916

README.md, after:

# Kubeflow rocks

Collection of rocks for Kubeflow components.

# Development notes
- Rockcraft tutorial:
  https://canonical-rockcraft.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/latest/tutorials.html
- Example:
  https://github.com/jnsgruk/seldon-core-operator-rock
- Use `stage-packages` to install required packages for application to run.
- Use `build-environment` to setup environment variables for build stage.
- Use `build-packages` and `build-snaps` for build stage. Those will not be used by application. As a result, if build and application require the same package, it needs to be in both `build-packages` and `stage-packages`
- If issues with LXD/Docker arise review firewall setup:
  https://linuxcontainers.org/lxd/docs/master/howto/network_bridge_firewalld/
- While building rocks these commands are very helpful:
  ```
  rockcraft clean
  lxc --project rockcraft image list
  ```
- Entry point in rock is Pebble. At this point there is no way to specify other entry point. To start container, a Pebble layer is added via adding `001-deafault.yaml` file to `/var/lib/pebble/default/layers/`. Refer to source code for more details.

# Building rocks

To build rock images for Kubeflow components:
```
cd <image-directory>
rockcraft pack
```

# Testing
